## To run this assignment & Report
- The file that parses the verilog file is **parse.py**, written in python 3.8

    - It takes one argument, which is the verilog filename to be parsed, i.e

          python parse.py S27.v
    - It creates a gates.txt file with the number of gates, which is inputs + gates + buffers, including DFF. The max level and gates per level are also at the top of the file. Beneath these is the gate list.

- The file that parses the intermediate file and simulates each step is **simulate.cpp**

    - It takes two arguments, the name of the input vector file to be used for the intermediate file, and what evalation mode to use. It looks for the file called gates.txt, generated by the parser. To run it, for example
        

            $ ./simulate.exe
            Max_level:39
            Total_gates:  35900
            Type in the name of the vector file you want to use (w/ extension): S359.vec
            Type in the letter of the choice you want to use: 
            1. Table Lookup
            2. Input Scanning
            2
            Time taken to run the program: 4.712 seconds
            Output saved in sim.txt


    - It prints the time taken to create the output file to the terminal

Notes: Input is read LSB to MSG (left to right)

Part F: On average, we find that running the table lookup technique takes less time than the input scanning technique.  
Table lookup, averaged over three runs on S385.v took 36.675 seconds, while Input scanning took an average of 38.354, taking on average 1.679 seconds longer.

We did make sure to measure only cpu time, excluding I/O and file reads. We assume input scanning takes longer because it is computing the result for every pair of fainin on each each, whereas table lookup grabs the value from memory, trading storage for computational efficiency. 